DBZ-4739 Fix Apache Pulsar example (#206)
debezium/debezium-examples: apache-pulsar/README.md

# Streaming Postgres Database Changes to Apache Pulsar Using Debezium

> This example shows how to consume change events programmatically using the [Debezium's embedded mode](https://debezium.io/docs/embedded/),
> This approach allows to stream database changes to arbitrary destinations.
> The demo shows how to stream changes from a Postgres database to Apache [Pulsar](https://pulsar.apache.org/).
> However, if you want to stream change events into Apache Pulsar, take a look at the ready-made sink for [Debezium Server](https://debezium.io/documentation/reference/stable/operations/debezium-server.html#_apache_pulsar).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to consume change events programmatically using the [Debezium's embedded mode](https://debezium.io/documentation/reference/stable/development/engine.html),
This approach allows to stream database changes to arbitrary destinations.
The demo shows how to stream changes from a Postgres database to Apache [Pulsar](https://pulsar.apache.org/).
However, if you want to stream change events into Apache Pulsar in a production scenario, take a look at the ready-made sink for [Debezium Server](https://debezium.io/documentation/reference/stable/operations/debezium-server.html#_apache_pulsar).
```
